[OSDOCS#16980]: Kueue-CQA-1 (#117299)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kueue-gathering-cluster-data.adoc

[id="gathering-cluster-data_{context}"]
= Collecting data for Red Hat Support

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the `oc adm must-gather` CLI command to collect the information about your {kueue-name} instance that is most likely needed for debugging issues, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `oc adm must-gather` CLI command to collect the information about your {kueue-name} instance that is most likely needed for debugging issues.

Information collected includes:
```
Short descriptions should not end with a colon.
